It is my pleasure to make Li Shao happy.
This body with fine skin and tender meat
More damage
Wouldn't it be better?
Don't be idle, let's go together
Isn't that nice?
Miss Mo, if there is no other order
I'll take my leave first
You go to work first
Thank you, General.
Aren't you going to Yingfeng Building?
Why are you here?
Goddamn thing
What should I do?
Wei Yang, what are you doing?
This slap
I beat for Qinghe
Compared with the grievances Qinghe suffered in the Chen family
Don't say a slap
Even if it was a knife to kill him
It's hard to understand the hatred in my heart
What do you mean?
Do you really think Jinhe is happy in the Chen family?
Do you really think Chen
Are Hui and Sun Shangxiang good things?
I never doubted your eyes before
But this time
This is it.
I think you're blind.
You've ruined the Golden River
See for yourself